Update doc (#476)
minecraft-access/minecraft-access: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Required knowledge

First, general Java project development knowledge is required: Java programming, concepts of writing clean code, git operations, basic knowledge of Linux shell commands, collaboration with GitHub...
If you are not familiar with how to clone a project and submit a Pull Request using GitHub, please read [the GitHub official documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects).

Then there is some knowledge for Minecraft modding you'd like to learn before coding.
You're better off learning by doing, first git clone the project and set up the local environment, then read the project files, start the mod in debug mode and set breakpoints to understand the order of execution.

This project uses [Gradle](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/getting_started_eng.html) as dependency manager and Groovy DSL for writing Gradle scripts;
thus you need to at least know the basics of Gradle, like how to start a Gradle task, how to add new dependencies, how to build the project...
[here is a tutorial from Gradle official](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/getting_started_eng.html#getting_started).

> This project supports Fabric and NeoForge (stopped supporting Forge after 1.20) with the help of [Architectury Loom](https://docs.architectury.dev/loom/introduction), a framework for multi-platform modding taht derivatives from [Fabric Loom](https://fabricmc.net/wiki/documentation:fabric_loom).

Reviewer: A couple typos.
```suggestion
This project supports Fabric and NeoForge (stopped supporting Forge after 1.20) with the help of [Architectury Loom](https://docs.architectury.dev/loom/introduction), a framework for multi-platform modding that is derived from [Fabric Loom](https://fabricmc.net/wiki/documentation:fabric_loom).
```

## Recommended Approaches

> ### Tell us what you intend to do before doing it

Reviewer: Shouldn't headings be in Title Case? Same throughout.

This means that you do not need to get anyone's permission to make changes to your fork of this project, you just need to make it work for **your personal needs**.
If you feel that your changes will also benefit the upstream (main project), you can submit a Pull Request to [the main repository](https://github.com/minecraft-access/minecraft-access), and only then does the `contributing` begin.

### Modify along with refactor

Keeping public environments (the whole repository, I mean) clean.
If you find that there are grammar mistakes or typos in the documentation, please correct them.

> If you find that there are [IDE inspection notices](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/code-inspection.html) on the file you're working on, please accept them no matter who introduced them (you can split these changes as a separate commit from your modification).

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it's a good idea to encourage new contributors to do this. When done well it's usually fine but it's easy to pollute the diff, obfuscating functional changes.

https://mtlynch.io/code-review-love/#6-separate-functional-and-non-functional-changes

Author: Hum, I think applying IDE suggestions without thinking is easy. My intention is encouraging such changes. But the commit pollution does worth to note.

Which attitude do you prefer, encourage, not mentioning, explicitly forbidden

Reviewer: I think it's probably better to not mention it because it's perfectly fine for contributors who know what they are doing and are concious of not excessively polluting the diff. It's also probably not the best idea to expect new contributors to clean up others' mess reguardless of who made the mess. It's also worth noting that we currently don't have any inspection profiles setup so we could end up in a situation where mutliple contributors get conflicting advise from their IDEs, this can partially be fixed but beyond what editorconfig supports we would have to include profiles for every IDE that people want to use.

This is however all just my own opinion, it might be a good idea to let others chime in on this. If everyone would prefer, it may be possible to reword it so that it's just a suggestion instead of an expectation.

### Make all related changes in one pull request

Update the documentation along with the code.

> Make sure that there is no unused code in the submit pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that there is no unused code in the submitted pull request.
```
